Clarify why a TreeView should not be used for nav (#478)
primer/design: content/components/tree-view.mdx

A tree view solves a very specific problem. It's not a multi-purpose tool like an [action list](/action-list) or meant for site navigation.

> Tree views are used to communicate a hierarchical list of items, and allow a user to navigate through, select, and take action on one or more items. A comparable expereince would be a list of files in a code editor, or an operating system file explorer. While they may visually look like navigation, tree views have specific interaction modes and expectations for assistive technology that differs from other patterns. Trying to use a tree view for something that looks visually apprpriate, but is not functionally inline with its intended use case may cause confusion or an unusable experience, especially if the user cannot see the screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tree views are used to communicate a hierarchical list of items, and allow a user to navigate through, select, and take action on one or more items. A comparable experience would be a list of files in a code editor, or an operating system file explorer. While they may visually look like navigation, tree views have specific interaction modes and expectations for assistive technology that differs from other patterns. Trying to use a tree view for something that looks visually appropriate, but is not functionally inline with its intended use case may cause confusion or an unusable experience, especially if the user cannot see the screen.
```
